update glossary (#1523)
substrate-developer-hub/substrate-docs: content/md/en/docs/reference/glossary.md

An early approach to byzantine fault tolerance. pBFT systems tolerate byzantine behavior from up to one-third of participants.
The communication overhead for such systems is `O(n²)`, where `n` is the number of nodes (participants) in the system.

## call

> A `Call` is the strict name of a [dispatchable](#dispatch)data-structure in pallets (i.e. an enum).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a general context, a call describes the act of invoking a function to be executed.
In the context of pallets that contain functions to be dispatched to the runtime for execution, `Call` is an enumeration data type that describes the functions that can be dispatched with one variant per pallet.
```

Author: Much cleaner :grin:  - should we try to link explicitly to dispatch though? as a concept these are tightly defined together.
`- `Dispatchable` is what we call function objects/functors (i.e. data which can be called) in Substrate in general.` no _just_ something to be executed IIUC.

Author: quite open to whatever you think is best, and go ahead and commit to this PR as you see fit and merge when you think it's in a good place :pray:
